<s> [INST] You are an expert in Natural Language Inference (NLI). Please list all possible explanations why the the following statement is false (contradiction) given the context below without introductory phrases. 
Context: yes they would they just wouldn't be able to own the kind of automobiles that they think they deserve to own or the kind of homes that we think we deserve to own we might have to you know just be able to i think if we a generation went without debt then the next generation like if if our our generation my husband and i we're twenty eight if we lived our lives and didn't become you know indebted like you know our generation before us that um the budget would balance and that we became accustomed to living with what we could afford which we wouldn't be destitute i mean we wouldn't be living on the street by any means but just compared to how spoiled we are we would be in our own minds but i feel like the generation after us would oh man it it would be so good it would be so much better it wouldn't be perfect but then they could learn to live with what what they could afford to save to buy and if you want a nicer car than that well you save a little longer 
Statement: I am glad our generation has no debt. 
Answer: [/INST] 1. The speaker acknowledges their generation has debt.
2. The speaker's husband and she have not paid off their debt.
3. The speaker implies their generation is not debt-free.
4. The speaker expresses a desire for the next generation to learn to live with what they can afford, not that the current generation has achieved this.
5. The budget would balance if the following generation didn't incur debt, not that the current generation has no debt.
6. The speaker compares their generation to the next one in terms of living with what they can afford, not that their generation has no debt.
7. The speaker mentions the possibility of the next generation not being perfect financially, indicating that the current generation is not debt-free.</s>