<s> [INST] You are an expert in Natural Language Inference (NLI). Please list all possible explanations why the the following statement is true (entailment) given the context below without introductory phrases. 
Context: yes they would they just wouldn't be able to own the kind of automobiles that they think they deserve to own or the kind of homes that we think we deserve to own we might have to you know just be able to i think if we a generation went without debt then the next generation like if if our our generation my husband and i we're twenty eight if we lived our lives and didn't become you know indebted like you know our generation before us that um the budget would balance and that we became accustomed to living with what we could afford which we wouldn't be destitute i mean we wouldn't be living on the street by any means but just compared to how spoiled we are we would be in our own minds but i feel like the generation after us would oh man it it would be so good it would be so much better it wouldn't be perfect but then they could learn to live with what what they could afford to save to buy and if you want a nicer car than that well you save a little longer 
Statement: I am glad our generation has no debt. 
Answer: [/INST] 1. The speaker expresses the idea that if their generation didn't incur debt, the budget would balance.
2. The speaker and their husband, who are part of this generation, have lived their lives without becoming indebted.
3. The speaker implies that their generation has been able to afford a certain lifestyle, even if they have had to give up owning certain types of luxury items like expensive cars and homes.
4. The speaker believes that living without debt would lead to a more responsible approach to finances, where people would save and make purchases based on what they can truly afford.
5. The speaker expresses a hopeful and positive outlook for the generation after them if their generation can live without debt, as they would learn to live within their means and save for what they want.</s>